     Cathay Pacific Airways 744 livery by E-Savageair



     It all began on Sept. 24, 1946 an American, Roy C. Ferrell and an Australian Sydney de Kantzow, both ex-air force pilots put up $1 in Hong Kong Money to register a new airline.  It would be called 
Cathay Pacific Airways.  The name according to legend the name was conceived by Farrell and correspondents at a bar in the Manila Hotel, in the Philippines.  The name “Cathay” came from China as “Khitan” and “Pacific” 
to mean that according to Farrell, they would one day fly across the Pacific (that would eventually happen in the 70’s.)  The Chinese name for the company comes for the Chinese idiom, “Grand and Peaceful State”.  
In 1948, Butterfield and Swire (Now known as Swire Group) Bought 45% of new airline, Australian National Airways taking 35% with Farrell and de Kantzow taking 10%  of their new airline.  
The first flight began on July 1, 1948 with a DC-3 nicknamed “Betsy”, flying routes from Hong Kong, Manila, and on to Singapore, Shanghai, Canton, and Sydney.  
They would then acquire a second DC-3 aircraft they would name “Niki”.
  
     Cathay Pacific would expand in the 60’s and through the 80’s; in 1979 they would buy their first 747, the first of many.  They would go on to be one of the biggest operators of the type.  
By the mid 80’s CP’s destinations would include North American routes flying into San Francisco and Vancouver, Canada. Today Cathay Pacific serves 168 destinations in 42 countries on five 
Continents, with a well-developed Asian network.  The airline connects to many cites around the world through One world and codeshare partners, American Airlines and British Airways,
and with French national rail operator SNCF, from Paris; they also have access to 17 destinations in China with its subsidiary, Dragonair.

     In 1994, CP introduced the “brushwing” livery that's deplicted here with featured the calligraphic stroke against a green background on the vertical stabilizer vs. the older green and white striping with the 
British flag on the corner of the tail fin; on the fuselage is white on the top half of the aircraft with the powder-blue striping in the middle of the fuselage and a lower shade of white near the
Bottom.  Near the top on upper deck are the brandlines, “Asia’s world city” and the “Hong Kong” brand logo.


     First unzip the xml/png. files to flightGear/data/aircraft/747-400/models/liveries
Run FlightGear, and if your new livery appears in the livery section, cue in "Love's Theme" 

(Love Unlimited Orchestra's hit song used in CPA's early advertising)

Thank you for downloading ;-)
ESA





     